That kid
I just want to swallow the seal for me through the new live broadcast platform.
How could I possibly sit still?
Go find a few people to Ye County Company to act
I want to kill the grass and roots
Go
Who are you? Are you pre-professional?
We're from Sky Patrol
Report from the street
Your company Summit Media is suspected of laundering money
Let's take a trip to receive it
Money laundering, are you mistaken?
It is impossible to do this kind of thing before career
Is there any mistake?
Why weren't we prepared ourselves?
Come on.
Wait a minute.
Don't worry sir
Really not afraid to give you money
Sister Yan, please don't be in trouble.
Hello
Song Qingcheng Ye Xian should have been arrested, right?
This is what happens when you go against me, He Xiaoze
With my slave of the He family
I can put him in jail